Python agent release v10.17.0 (#21637)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/python-agent/configuration/python-agent-configuration.mdx

    </table>

    Enables [Distributed Tracing](/docs/distributed-tracing/concepts/introduction-distributed-tracing)
  
  </Collapser>
  <Collapser
    id="distributed-tracing-sampler-remote_parent_sampled"
    title="distributed_tracing.sampler.remote_parent_sampled"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            String
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            `default`
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Set in](#options)
          </th>

          <td>
            Config file, environment variable
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>

>             [Environ variable](#environment-variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            [Environment variable](#environment-variables)
```

          </th>

          <td>
            `NEW_RELIC_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING_SAMPLER_REMOTE_PARENT_SAMPLED`
          </td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>

    `default` is the default behavior and behaves as it did before this change (it passes the sampling decision to the adaptive sampling algorithm to determine whether a trace will be sampled). 

>     `always_on` means that a trace that has a remote parent sampled will always be sampled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `always_on`: Always samples traces that have an unsampled remote parent.
```

    `always_off` means that a trace that has a remote parent sampled will never be sampled.
  
  </Collapser>
  <Collapser
    id="distributed-tracing-sampler-remote_parent_not_sampled"
    title="distributed_tracing.sampler.remote_parent_not_sampled"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            String
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            `default`
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Set in](#options)
          </th>

          <td>
            Config file, environment variable
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Environ variable](#environment-variables)
          </th>

          <td>
            `NEW_RELIC_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING_SAMPLER_REMOTE_PARENT_NOT_SAMPLED`
          </td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>

    `default` is the default behavior and behaves as it did before this change (it passes the sampling decision to the adaptive sampling algorithm to determine whether a trace will be sampled). 

>     `always_on` means that a trace that has a remote parent not sampled will always be sampled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `always_on`: Always samples traces that have an unsampled remote parent.
```

    </table>

    Enables [Distributed Tracing](/docs/distributed-tracing/concepts/introduction-distributed-tracing)
  
  </Collapser>
    <Collapser
    id="distributed-tracing-sampler-remote_parent_sampled"
    title="distributed_tracing.sampler.remote_parent_sampled"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            String
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            `default`
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Set in](#options)
          </th>

          <td>
            Config file, environment variable
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Environ variable](#environment-variables)
          </th>

          <td>
            `NEW_RELIC_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING_SAMPLER_REMOTE_PARENT_SAMPLED`
          </td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>

    `default` is the default behavior and behaves as it did before this change (it passes the sampling decision to the adaptive sampling algorithm to determine whether a trace will be sampled). 

>     `always_on` means that the trace that has a remote parent sampled or remote parent not sampled will always be sampled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `always_on` means that the trace that has a remote parent sampled  will always be sampled.
```

>     `always_off` means that the trace that has a remote parent sampled or remote parent not sampled will never be sampled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `always_off` means that the trace that has a remote parent sampled  will never be sampled.
```

  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

## Middleware Instrumentation Filters [#middleware-filters]

<Callout variant="important">
  Requires [Python agent version 10.17.0 or higher](/docs/agents/python-agent/installation-configuration/upgrade-python-agent).
</Callout>

These instrumentation package specific settings are available for toggling middleware instrumentation:

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    id="instrumentation-middleware-django-enabled"
    title="instrumentation.middleware.django.enabled"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            Boolean
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            `true`
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Set in](#options)
          </th>

          <td>
            Config file, environment variable
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>

>             [Environ variable](#environment-variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            [Environment variable](#environment-variables)
```
